OSDOCS#12867: Noting SNO shutdown/restart for 1 year (#88010)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-release-notes-edge-computing_{context}"]
=== Edge computing

[id="ocp-4-18-edge-computing-sno-shutdown_{context}"]

> ==== Shutting down and restarting single-node clusters up to 2 years after cluster installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Shutting down and restarting single-node clusters up to 1 year after cluster installation
```
kubeconfig to approve CSRs is valid for 2 years, but we support SNOs shutdown for 1 year only

Author: @vrutkovs Okay thanks. I updated, but just to clarify, we are still talking about up til 1 year from the cluster installation, correct? (Not just a year in general of being shut down, no matter when they shut it down compared to the install date?)

Reviewer: Yes, one year since cluster install

[id="ocp-release-notes-edge-computing_{context}"]
=== Edge computing

[id="ocp-4-18-edge-computing-sno-shutdown_{context}"]

> ==== Shutting down and restarting single-node clusters up to 1 year after cluster installation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== Shutting down and restarting {sno} clusters up to 1 year after cluster installation
```

> With this release, you can shut down and restart single-node clusters up until 1 year after cluster installation. If certificates expired while the cluster was shut down, you must approve certificate signing requests (CSRs) upon restarting the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this release, you can shut down and restart {sno} clusters up to 1 year after cluster installation. If certificates expired while the cluster was shut down, you must approve certificate signing requests (CSRs) upon restarting the cluster.
```

> Before this update, you could shut down and restart single-node clusters for only 120 days after cluster installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before this update, you could shut down and restart {sno} clusters for only 120 days after cluster installation.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> It is supported to shut down single-node clusters only if there are no workloads running on the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Evacuate all workload pods from the {sno} cluster before you shut it down.
```

Author: @vrutkovs Is this change okay to make? Is it okay if they had workloads on it but evacuated them, or do we expect them to shut down before workload were ever run on them?

Reviewer: Yes, good idea

Author: Perfect thanks, updated!
